`t_pulse_repitition` -> `t_plant_pulse_plasma_present` (#4458)
ukaea/PROCESS: documentation/source/physics-models/pulsed-plant.md

- Burn time (`t_plant_pulse_burn`) - Flat-top duration. The plasma is approximately steady. Fusion power and electricity are produced. The CS and other PF coil currents all change steadily in a pulsed reactor, but are constant for a "steady-state" reactor. Auxiliary heating is on.
- Ramp-down (`t_plant_pulse_plasma_current_ramp_down`) - The plasma current, density and temperature all ramp down to zero simultaneously. As a starter for ten we could assume that the CS and PF coil currents also ramp to zero at the same time. Auxiliary heating is possibly on.
- Between pulse (`t_plant_pulse_dwell`) -  CS and PF coil currents are zero - a few minutes may be required to permit vacuum pumping. May be much longer for an experimental device such as DEMO.

> - Pulse repitition (`t_plant_pulse_plasma_present`) - Sum of all the above times.

Author: ```suggestion
- Pulse repetition (`t_plant_pulse_plasma_present`) - plant pulse time in which a plasma is present = `t_plant_pulse_plasma_current_ramp_up` + `t_plant_pulse_fusion_ramp` + `t_plant_pulse_burn` + `t_plant_pulse_plasma_current_ramp_down` .
```
